refactor: use graphql-request dep (#938)
graphql-nexus/nexus: docs/guides/testing.md

const { app } = createTestContext() // Error!
```

## Test Context interface

> The Test context interface is extensible by plugins. By default it includes basic control over the app and a grphql client instance of ready to send queries and mutations to it.

Reviewer: `and a graphql* client`

> The Test context interface is extensible by plugins. By default it includes basic control over the app and a grphql client instance of ready to send queries and mutations to it.

Author: ```suggestion
The Test context interface is extensible by plugins. By default it includes basic control over the app and a GraphQL client instance ready to send queries and mutations to it.
```
